🏋🏽 at my halfway mark my wireless fuckin died so no music today but still gng in hard! #workoutmotivation 👊🏼💦💪🏽
7Plus iOS 11.1
This was helpful. Actually I had an application/browser which allowed me to access various websites and download videos. But I am not able to find that app now.
what am I doing wrong? How does it tie fridge to this friend ?
the battery life of my 6S is horrendous after iOS REALLY need to address this ASAP
y’all gon address this letter I️ issue we’re having or no?
how the hell do i turn off this amber alert alarm?!?!?
Changed he can’t retrieve it at all. What can we do?
why doesn’t it let me turn on iCloud I click it and nothing happens
The phone’s touchscreen literally did not work and touched everything by itself like crazy just after 10 minutes after activating the iPhone X. Finally it ended up unresponsive. I paid $1,490 for this piece of rock???
after upgrading to the latest iOS for a 6 while resetting the phone it became disabled. iTunes won’t solve it
Since I have downloaded IOS 11.0.2 I can’t transfer my phone number to an other one. Are you aware of that problem ?
tech rep was super disrespectful im looking into legal action #CustomerService #VERBAL #assault
who makes your MacBook batteries? ?
The main issue is my phone would be fully charged but the battery drops at an extraordinary rate;I could be playing Spotify (with my phone off)for 20 mins and would lose well over 30%, checking social media for 10 mins results in a 15/20% loss tooiOS 11.1.1 is my current version
Unable to open documents in Pages on iPad since last updat please help
Dear ok enough is enough with the damn feeezjng of the phone &amp; freezing of videos &amp; glitches already .. everything was fine until new updates
Yes exactly. Eg when I delete one email it might jump right to the next one &amp; Mark it as read although I didn’t want to open it. OS Sierra
The A is autocorrecting to an I and the I is autocorrecting to an A in a square with a question mark. Please help me this is hurting my biz
fix your software... there is no way testers at apple were not having the same issues as multiple people on twitter... its ridiculous.
waiting for to get their shit together so “I️” can talk about myself
every since i dl’d that new sierra update my mac has been slow.right now its stuck on this screen!!! I swear you guys are becoming the loathe of my life. And to think i ordered that iphone 10! Fuck!!
hey can you help me, I’m trying to figure out why my friend Nerdbird is lagging
My phone keeps on rebooting.
I’m not mad but what’s wrong with built screen recorder. There is some rule to not save recordings?
So new #iphone8Plus phone won’t update to iOS 11.03... On Wi-Fi, won’t get pass verification stage. #fail
My phone keeps restarting and rebooting. My iOS is updated, and so are my apps. Can you give me possible solutions for this? Thanks.
any resolution in fixing the bug that changes “I️” to a question mark and an A?This starting happening after I️ updated 11.1
At the point I don’t give a fuck about this phone anymore. It only works on a charger.. I want Refund
What is this A and a question mark in a box Thing?!? It’s annoying
I write in whatsaap and The letters are slow, all are bad, The batery no work good, battery runs out very fast
Aaagggrrrr can y’all stop playing with my emotions and restore all my music please? Everything I downloaded from Apple Music is disppeared after that bug fix update! Fix. It. 💀😩
Dude same!!!! I️ called them yesterday &amp; we tried everything and it’s still there 😭 even after the new software update!!!!!
#help can you help me out please? Basically I bought music from iTunes n now my phones wiped I can’t seem to find it at all ?
. Since iOS 11 I can literally watch my battery percentage drop while looking at the screen. No apps open. No battery problems with iOS 10. Apple please fix. In 30 min percentage dropped from 92% to 52%.
11.0.3 and I’ve already tried “turning it off, then on” 🙃
the glitch remains. After update.
Im using the iphone x and every ap u flip the phone horizontal for the home button flips too, its the newest ios for iphone x, the home button at the bottom of the horizontal screen ruins every competitive game out there
. I thought you should know there’s an email scam going around. Here is a screenshot. Included links to “click”. Looked legit, except I didn’t order the app listed.
Seriously after updating to iOS 11 my iPhone is dead. Thinking abt buying One Plus
